Correct Cities Tables (#17)
next-exp/sw-docs: docs/source/IC.rst

IC
=====

IC stands for `Invisible Cities <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invisible_Cities>`_. and can be found on Github as `next-exp/IC <https://github.com/next-exp/IC>`_.

> Blame for the name to J.J. Gómez-Cadenas, who proposed and started the project. The original developers of IC were J.J. Gómez-Cadenas, J. Generowictz, J.M. Benlloch, G. Martinez-Lema and M. Kekick. The main architect of the code was IC is J. Generowictz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blame for the name to J.J. Gómez-Cadenas, who proposed and started the project. The original developers of IC were J.J. Gómez-Cadenas, J. Generowicz, J.M. Benlloch, G. Martinez-Lema and M. Kekic. The main architect of the code was J. Generowicz.
```
